Update Q1 2025 EIA 930 data (#4054)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/release_notes.rst

* Extracted these interim tables up through the latest 2023 data release. See
  :issue:`4002` and :pr:`4004`.

EIA 930
~~~~~~~
* Updated the EIA 930 data to include data published up through 2025half1. See
  :issue:`4040` and PR :pr:`4054`. 10 new energy sources were added and 3 were
  retired; see

>   :doc:`data_sources/eia930#changes-in-energy-source-granularity-over-time` for

Reviewer: oh also i am not a docs wizard but it looks like this reference is failing

https://github.com/catalyst-cooperative/pudl/actions/runs/13252398109/job/36992924579?pr=4054#step:6:3718

does this mean that header needs a `.. _name-of-reference:` ? [truly not an rst wizard]

Author: I have fixed it! Your hunch was correct 😀

Reviewer: [wahoo maybe i am a docs wizard in training]

> * Updated the EIA 930 data to include data published up through 2025half1. See
>   :issue:`4040` and PR :pr:`4054`. 10 new energy sources were added and 3 were
>   retired; see
>   :doc:`data_sources/eia930#changes-in-energy-source-granularity-over-time` for
>   more information.

Reviewer: the data is published in the half year files but not all the data for jan through june is published yet.

```suggestion
* Updated the EIA 930 data to include data published up through the beginning of
  February 2025. See :issue:`4040` and PR :pr:`4054`. 10 new energy sources
  were added and 3 were retired; see
  :doc:`data_sources/eia930#changes-in-energy-source-granularity-over-time` for
  more information.
```
